well welcome everyone to the first ever
in-person version of keys from Keynotes
this is such an honor I have the
opportunity to chat to one of my
favorite keynote speakers Sean kungo oh
my goodness from Edmonton Alberta Shan
and I met each other about I want to say
six seven years ago at a Remax event had
the chance to interview you in a couple
different formats up until then but Sean
welcome for the first time too wow first
time ke The Kino we here at the Fairmont
B Springs right in this like completely
empty room and uh no I it's been amazing
just watching your journey and you know
seeing what you're doing with this
Channel and having some incredible uh
guests on and yeah just honor to be here
honestly talking about you know one of
my favorite subjects actually I don't
get to talk about this subject very
often so I usually talk about something
about Innovation or AI nobody asks
actually asked me about Keynotes and so
this is this is a dream it's so cool to
jump in okay at this moment in time
you're about 24 hours out from giving
the closing presentation at the
conference we're at which is a real
estate confence called B Western
connection how are you feeling like at
this moment in time I know you do a lot
of speeches but like just run me through
like what's going through your head 24
hours out yeah um
so quite honestly like the when the day
before usually a keynote I'm usually
like prepping right up until the last
minute cuz I like to make make sure that
it's as customized as possible um today
actually the client was like I need we
need the slides at 12:00 and your AV
check is later um you know at 5:30 and
so I'm like okay I got I got I got to do
this really quickly so I told the team I
like guys I need I need more time I need
some more time to like work on this we
had some other things planned um so uh
like I love just planning up until I I
don't like to um hang out I don't like
to have dinner usually uh and I just
like to be focused get a good night's
sleep and in the morning I always
rehearse I always make sure that I
rehearse because I'm always introducing
new stuff I'm always putting in things
that I've never put in before I'm using
like
customization throughout my keynote so
for me it's like all prep I'm like a I
feel like I'm an athlete right so for me
it's like it's all about the job and so
the I think the only reason why uh I'm
not doing that today is that you know we
we got a bunch of stuff going on but
it's it's all back mind like I need to
prep for this the good thing is it's
tomorrow afternoon so I have a little
bit more time so this has been a
particularly crazy week for you I mean
you were in Florida earlier you were
giving a couple presentations in
Edmonton we in B and then tomorrow night
hours after you present you're headed to
the Calgary Airport flying to Portugal
yes can you break down for the audience
like what is your current schedule how
many speeches are you doing in a year
yeah so I do so last year I did about 78
speeches um and I'll probably do the
same this year as well um yeah so it can
be crazy it could be a Sprint yeah like
this week I was in Florida then I did a
virtual in emont in our we we do this in
like in a theater then we had a uh an
actual inperson in emont going to
Portugal I was in Athens a couple weeks
ago um and so like this month you know
we probably had like 10 Keynotes that we
had to do um but you know sometimes it
could be very chill too right right
December I didn't have a keynote or the
end of November had some time away with
with some friends and some family that I
just blocked off in in two weeks I'm
going to um uh uh Disneyland with my
kids so like it it can be incredibly
taxing and a Sprint especially like a
week like this but then there are times
where it's just like completely relaxed
and I think that's the best way that I
work which is Sprint and then relax in
terms of what you're talking about it's
all about Innovation and it is moving at
such an exponential
Pace that something you presented in
October is almost there's probably
fragments of it that you can use but a
lot of it might not be relevant or has
changed so much so what's your own
process for ensuring that you're staying
as up to date as possible on all the
changes that are happening in The
Innovation space well number one you
can't keep up with all the exponential
nature of innovation and AI like that's
never going to happen but um I think one
of the things that I'm so P I'm like so
passion about this subject around
Innovation and AI that I'm always in the
weeds and trying out new products trying
out um different um things that are
coming out in the market like I'm always
the first to try things that's always
just my my nature and so I think that's
just been embedded in My DNA and think
about it as well like I'm going to all
these events I'm sitting at the back of
the room in with some of the biggest
companies in the world getting a
download of what their future is going
to look like what their strategy is
going to look like I'm before a keynote
I'm in two three calls with a CEO with
with some of their most key leaders
understanding what their strategic
problems are um and what opportunities
they see so it's like I'm just getting a
fire hose of information from not only
the client and what's happening on the
ground floor but I'm literally in the
rooms hearing about what everyone's
working on
and plus I'm just I'm also building
stuff too and I I see myself as a
builder and a tactician and I think that
the beauty of a keynote is when you
customize when you put in the effort
when you listen in to those calls that
that differentiation when you make sure
that that that presentation is built for
them and they see it and they know it
and they they will know the audience
will know right away when something is
something that you've never done before
and that's what were all the differences
made in my opinion one of the things
that really was impressive to me about
you is the first time when we did meet
it was at a Remax conference and I
introduced myself and you're like oh
you're Wade you run a podcast for Remax
and you opened up your podcast app and
it was legit because I could see that
several episodes had already been
played what is your research process
look like to ensure that you are
customizing each presentation for the
different Industries you're presenting
yeah that that by the way that is a hack
and I every every industry has podcasts
right they have multiple podcasts or the
association or that company might have a
podcast so my job up until that
particular event is just on 1.7 speed to
just while while I'm working out while
I'm you know driving just to get a
download of their vocabulary what are
they talking about what are the issues
what are the Challen
like I want to be I want to be so
relevant to the audience that they're
like oh my God like this person is this
person is like one of us and so that's
really really important to me and I
think it's also it's also when
I I think it also comes from a place of
fear too right because I'm coming into a
situation where I don't know anything
about this particular industry I don't
know anything about this client like I
need to put in the work so that I can
come prepared so I don't look like an
idiot right and I'm not there to be an
expert in the industry no one's asking
me to be an expert and I said that at
the beginning I'm not here to be an
expert in your industry but at at least
that that little bit of effort that you
can put in to just understand that um
you know uh it it it it means a lot so
like yeah before a particular keynote
like I will go through like I you know
just did a dental conference I will go
to that conference's Dental podcast and
just download like all the podcasts and
just listen to on 1.7 speed just to
understand what they're talking about
and the challenges can you walk me
through what it has looked like in terms
of getting to this point of a full-time
speaking career so I know you worked
with deoy at the past I would imagine
that there's this transitionary time of
going from starting to do some speeches
having this realization oh I really like
doing this I'm good at it to then
evolving to paid speaking gigs and then
eventually burning the boat and just
going full like can you walk me through
that story for yourself yeah so for me I
yeah I was at De for 12 years I started
to speak you know by the end of my sort
of tenure there so like the last two
three years and um I was talking about
the subject around digital and
Innovation people want to hear about
what that that was all about it was new
to them like mobile and all this digital
transformation stuff like it was new to
them and we were doing the work and so
people want to hear about it so a client
would be like oh we have a workshop oh
we have this like can you come speak at
this conference I'm like yeah yeah yeah
sure we can I can do that and all of it
was free because I was at deoy it was
great visibility for me and it was great
visibility for the firm we were able to
sell projects because they saw me on
stage and they're like can you come to
our organization and do that for us so
I'm like this is amazing right and so as
I realized that there was a power in
developing content I realized that
there's actually not only developing
brand you're developing power in a way
and and um it's funny because at the end
of my tenure at the firm I looked at my
list of speaking events for the next
year I'm like wait a
minute I'm going to be busy and at that
point I was already
making um more money than I was being a
senior manager at deoe for 12 years
speaking while I was at deoe so to me
the the shift wasn't actually big
because when I left I already knew that
I had an income and so it wasn't but to
me I built it up in a very slow way
right I built up my brand I leveraged
deoy and but they were benefiting too
because they were getting sales um but
and so what I realized when I was doing
these Kos I'm like I should do more of
these and I should record these so I
started to um try to get more
presentations as much as possible I
would reach out to organizers and be
like hey like I'm talking about this
subject like yeah yeah you know they
want to hear about it right
and so it was almost easy because it was
a Hot Topic and people wanted to hear
about it and I had video and it just
that momentum just carried and that
momentum has always been running because
of the same Playbook that I've been
running so you had kind of a unique
situation there that just naturally
wasn't a crazy transition for you to
make that jump if there is
somebody who's listening or watching
this episode who's thinking okay I maybe
don't have that luxury I'm starting to
give some free speeches like what's your
advice on like how you jump from maybe
you're giving some free speeches to
start to get paid so that part one and
then part
two increasing that fee over time yeah
my advice is dude to do a 100 speeches
for free before you figure it out yeah
like put in a 100 speeches it could be
anywhere it could be at a rotary club it
could be at your kids like Elementary
School it could be wherever like build
the craft
of doing hundred speeches in front of
people it could be a workshop room
whever it might be so that you dial in
in terms of what people want if if that
speech is good record every single
speech that you can and um once you
develop that muscle then you can say
okay like I have the footage I have the
I have the credibility I'm going to go
off and start asking for people to to
you know pay for it but it all all of it
by the way it the whole by the way the
beginning of it has to come from
credibility right I didn't even say a
word for 10 years until I started
speaking right I I just put in the work
for 10 years and then I'm like okay I
have something to say so I think a lot
of people miss that credibility piece
Because unless you have that and you're
talking about a subject that you know
and people can you know it this game is
all about perception it's about value
and that hard work at the beginning
people value that they're like what this
person is speaking who the [__] is this
person who is this person right and I
think that's incredibly important so
it's like you almost have to be a ninja
at a particular craft first then put in
the 100 speeches then say Okay I I i'
I'm credible I got the talk ready I've
dialed this in let's let's start let's
let's start valuing what this thing is
worth and that's I think how that's how
I did it that's my play but I don't
recommend that to everyone that's how I
did it which is put in the work
do a whole bunch of speeches for free
and then see what happens and I think my
my acceleration and momentum was very
quick because I had all those things in
place and then the video piece which is
The X Factor for me like the video piece
is the most in my opinion everyone's
looking for a Sil Silver Bullet that is
actually the Silver Bullet you know how
people say there's no Silver Bullet
there is a silver bullet the Silver
Bullet is video and I've been working
with these guys bad films um for a while
now and we started to shoot all my
Keynotes and you know we've been running
that like a wello machine here we're in
B they're literally we brought him here
them to Edmonton we're shooting the
keynote and that content is power
content creates luck the more that you
put out content in the universe the more
thing great things will happen and come
to you so what have you found from that
content game of like the clips and
everything like what typically does best
or how do you decide which parts of your
speech are going to be clippable
sharable on social media without maybe
giving away all the like Secret Sauce of
present about you know I
think I you know I recently did a
presentation for for speaker my first
one that I've ever done um for my
speaking agency they brought a whole
bunch of like 50 of their like top speak
there and um I put up this slide which
is like social media value versus
vanity uh I believe a lot of speakers
put up a lot of vanity posts like look
at me I spoke here that's not helpful to
anybody um but you still need that you
still need you know it's nice you still
need a vanity post but what's most
important is a value post so what is
something that somebody's going to share
to their CEO to to their you know their
CFO what's that dangerous idea what is
that valuable nugget that you're going
to share to someone else that I'm like
wait this is interesting this is
enlightening I'm going to do something
with within my business because of this
or I'm going to inspire somebody because
of this what is that valuable piece of
content and I think that's incredibly
underrated in terms of putting out a
clip and making sure that that is
valuable is it sharable I think
something that we say internally is like
like would you share this like and so um
I think over time like I've realized
like just putting out content that's
like valuable to somebody else that
somebody would say hey this was
interesting I'm going to share it that
to me is is it and by the way I have
like rarely gotten viral I don't have a
big following I don't have a ton of
subscribers I don't have clips that go
crazy I just been putting in the work
and building a library over time a lot
of and we can get to the real later I
don't think a lot of speakers get really
excited about the real I don't think you
should be focused on the real I think
you should be focused on the library and
um yeah so value it's about value
sharable content I think for you I mean
there's this famous I think it's from
Atomic habits but it's like the law of
latent potential or something where it's
that Co hockey stick curve and that's
what I think for you by the way like cuz
I'm just shocked it you do have strong
numbers in certain accounts but like way
underrated and my my guess my prediction
my hot take is that five 5 years from
now like it'll be like 10x what it is
today across all platforms we can run it
back and see if correct or not but so
one of my favorite things that you said
in our last conversation when we were
talking about public speaking and this
was for a course that I did an online
course is you were talking about how you
can walk into a room and just kind of
know how it's going to go as you talked
about like maybe it's high ceilings
maybe the tables are spaced out maybe
it's the diversity of the room or lack
of diversity of the room can you break
that idea down once again but also
second part to that is when you walk
into those rooms where you're like damn
High ceilings spaced out like how do you
get past that yeah well you know it's
interesting uh you well I'll I'll I'll
answer the first part first which is I
know when it's going to be an incredible
room when
a the the the the event organizers have
put in energy into the room they put
some time into making sure there's
lights there's music um it looks great
but there's maybe there a production
maybe there's a great screen maybe
there's a great LED like you can tell
when you get in the room who which
organizers have put in the effort and
putting in that effort actually
translates into a little bit more energy
it's funny because the more that you
event organizer puts in energy into the
set design and what it looks like the
audience actually has more energy that's
number one number number two is just
like in a comedy club the reason why
comedy club is low ceiling it's because
that energy is trapped right it's
trapped in that room when people are
sitting side by side it's a tight room
there's a lots of people you can feel
the energy you can feel the buzz if it's
spread out just like this if it's a high
ceiling that energy is going to
dissipate right the the if if the
laughter is going to Echo or the you
know the the it the the the ability to
contain the energy in a room is is
probably the most important thing the
second thing is I think is the diversity
of the people in the room if you have a
lot of old people that are you know old
you know I'll try to think about the the
worst the worst event that I've ever
done which is um uh the worst event that
I've ever done was like um Golf Course
owners okay they're all of a certain age
bracket same graphic and they're just
there with their arms crossed waiting
for this person to say something
prophetic that they've never heard in
their entire life uh my belief is that
high status rooms um are difficult to
crack a high status room is uh a room
where people they are people tell them
how great they are they they they they
want to show people how great they are
um there are different demographics and
industries where that that's the case I
actually enjoy those rooms too I love
doing a like you're you're you're in
real estate commercial real estate is a
hard room residential real estate a lot
easier because they're just they just
have more en energy but commercial real
estate it's a harder room to crack it's
a very high status sort of game
physicians High status um diversity of
the room you have more women in the room
no I'm I'm not going to you know uh I'm
insulting so many people I don't want to
insult men but women are just way more
open their mindsets are way more open
than men right men come into a situation
thinking that they know everything a
woman is actually way more receptive to
new information um in my opinion and so
um having diversity having different
colors that actually makes a room even
better um and so all these things like
you could when you go in the room you
see the you see the client you see the
room size you see how much production
they put into it you can tell I'm like
I'll walk in a room I'm like this is
going to be a smash I I don't I like I
could have a mediocre day and this is
going to be a smash um and then if it's
going to be a bad room um that's okay
too that's like that's part of the
training that's part of the challenge of
dealing with a room that may not be
receptive to your ideas in those
particular situations I think what I
normally do is um I try to be less I try
to maybe remove a a little I put a a
little less humor in it and I try to I
try to dial in and make it more more
more strategic or and more customized
and give them more I would say um more
tactical takeaways that they can take
home where in another room I might be
more fun right if a room is not
receptive to having fun then um I think
I just do it a little bit less I think
every room should have fun by the way
every room should have fun um but uh
that's how I sort of play it I don't
change I don't change the presentation
drastically but it's just it's just the
vibe so you're talking really in that
answer about kind of stage setup and
what it looks like and the energy that
the event organizer puts in one of the
big highlights of your speeches is the
visuals right like the slides behind you
I'm curious have you ever ran into a
tech issue where maybe it just wasn't
working properly the videos weren't
playing of course okay so I'm curious on
that because obviously you're a great
speaker on your own but the visuals are
adding so much so how do you overcome
have you ever had it where they just
completely aren't working and you have
to go unplugged version yeah yeah
absolutely all of the above slides don't
work computer craps out stalling they
reset it it's it's happened it's
happened it hasn't happened it it
probably happened uh a lot more when I
was like starting out cuz and then just
after doing hundreds of different
Keynotes you're like okay let me let me
like just problem solve the the entire
time but it it certainly does happen and
actually I embrace those because the
client is actually the the audience is
actually looking for a spontaneous
moment they're looking for a moment
where you're just as authentic and as
genuine as possible which I try to make
sure that I'm doing and that's the idea
of customization when they know that you
have not delivered this a million times
they're like okay they're like dialed in
even more right if there's some sort of
crowd work pie they're dialed in right
they're waiting they're they're they're
hoping for something that's authentic
and genuine and so when something screws
up I actually think is a blessing
because then you can your message
without the slides and the slides are a
big part of what I do um but if it when
it has gone wrong you just go off script
and you and you you you you still um
tailor the message to them but now you
do it based on other stories that you
might have you have to pull from the
bank and just make it as exciting as
possible I think at that point it
becomes more of a real conversation um
and so I've done I've I've done it where
yeah this half half the slides don't
work so I just remember what I need to
say and and I just continue to deliver
it without the slides and uh yeah just
roll with it and I think that's fine
actually the audience will appreciate
that like we saw that that thing didn't
work but man you handled that really
well and we got a lot of value out of it
and that that's what people are looking
for so I I I embrace the screw-ups it's
amazing another thing that you can't
always control is what the audience asks
of you if that's part of your
presentation is the Q&A part and I
recently put out a post on saw yeah
talking about how I really like your
your approach that you try and give
yourself that pause take a moment really
understand what's being asked and you
mentioned Seth Goden does this really
well so what is it about Seth that
you're trying to channel as well when
you're up on
stage so going back to your post
um you know part of the reason why I
love taking a pause is because I
am trying to answer this question in a
way that is still provocative that is
still interesting and still impactful um
that doesn't always happen uh and I
think by taking a pause too it allows
you to yeah just collect your thoughts
um I'm also not great at answering
questions so for me I'm trying to learn
on how to become a better Storyteller in
the Q&A and I think continuing to be a
great Storyteller in the Q&A is still
important the thing I love about Seth
goat is is he's I I will never get to
his level but I think what he does
really well is that he always
turns the his answer into something
that's provocative um for that
particular person and I just love that I
think he he still makes it provocative
and he brings all these insane stories
from I don't know where and he just
brings them in and it's incredible like
I don't know how he does that and his
recollection of all these incred
incredible stories and he brings it it
into these events I think it's it's
absolutely um amazing so yeah I've been
uh I've been trying to study and and
figure out how to become you know
amazing at at doing that so I don't know
if you can think of this off the top of
your head or not but in terms of what is
the toughest question or like a tough
question you can remember being asked
that truly kind of stumped you when you
were on stage or that was difficult to
answer so I think um
a lot of speakers don't do Q&A I would
say the vast majority of speakers don't
do Q&A and I think part of the reason
why they don't do it is because it's an
energy shift meaning if you just gave
this incredible presentation and
everyone is on Cloud9 by the way there's
going to be some people in the audience
that that don't agree with what you're
saying right they don't like what you
said and if you're in a room of a
thousand people there's got to be 10
people that hate ex everything that you
just said which is life that's what
happens right most people are not going
to enjoy everything that you say the
problem is is that when you get one of
those one PE that one person out of a
thousand that gets up and now asks a
question and now they've just changed
the energy of the room right um that did
happen to me once I remember it vividly
I was at a Viva insurance and uh I the
presentation was amazing and this guy
stood up I'm looking at Mazin because he
was there too this guy this guy stood up
and he's is like um I don't agree with
your presentation your slides are old by
the way and because you know he
basically started to diss the the the
the presentation right and it was a Vibe
shift right
because it was like everyone was on on
Cloud9 and then wait now there's a now
there's a seat of doubt maybe maybe it
wasn't that great now you're sitting
there because you haven't checked with
everybody else you're like maybe that
wasn't great right
and I think uh and in that particular
situation I think he said that that my
facts were out of date um and the way
that I tried to answer that question was
I tried to understand his position right
I Tred to um find out what was outdated
because I I do pride myself to be
literally the most upto-date speaker on
the planet um and so I I I wanted to ask
him that question right and he was being
very defensive
so I think in a moment like that I would
still take the same approach which is
I'm trying to understand from the
audience point of view what I got wrong
and not trying to be so defensive like
right away um and not trying to take
offense but that's why people don't take
Q&A because it can change the vibe
especially if you're at the end of the
keynote and you want the whole audience
to leave on a high that's why people to
do it now tomorrow I'm ending the
conference so I'm not going to take Q&A
because we want people to end on a high
but if I'm opening confence I love Q&A I
want to do it because I want to get
better at it and I think it actually is
great because you're opening up some
really interesting questions for the
rest of the conference I want to shift
gears and talk a little bit about
artificial intelligence which I mean
that's a big part these days of your
presentations because that's where Tech
is
going you think about the future of
different Industries and we were talking
before we hit the record button here of
how many different Industries will be
impacted what are your thoughts on the
speaking industry in general
because it kind of seems in some ways
like maybe it's like a little bit future
proof that people will always want to
see the in-person version of whatever
that is whether that's a musician or a
speaker they can hear the same message
on a podcast maybe but they want to go
and they want to be present and hear
that yeah in person what are your
thoughts on how maybe the speaking
industry will be impacted by AI it's a
great question I think um events are
going to have a boom right because I
think event is where you actually create
new knowledge you're colliding with
other people you're learning what the
what's happening inside people's
businesses um that is data that AI can
mostly not get right AI can actually
pick up all the information that that
has been collected throughout human
history but it can't collect all that
new those new nuggets that new
information and that's why events are
going to become a boom I think that's
where you you're going to have net new
um information I also think that um
events are going to be a place where you
can create brand and affinity and a Vibe
and energy um so I think events are
going to be incredible as it as it
pertains to the speakers um I actually I
don't think that there's going to be a
massive shift I do think that people are
going to become way more dialed in to
like okay is this information relevant
to me does this change me is this
information that I just get off AI like
how are you going to provoke me and I
think as a speaker your job is to build
something that AI can never do it's the
build to be so different to be so
provocative it's to be so gamechanging
that an AI can never never do and that's
not only through the energy but it
through the content like I pride myself
when I do a Kino that the things that
I'm dropping are things that you can't
get through an AI that you can't get
through another speaker it's not a it's
not a story that you can get just off
you know chat GPT I pride myself to make
sure that this is something that you've
never heard in your entire life and it's
going to make an impact and so that's I
think where we all need to go to right
because otherwise we'll just like yeah
just AI it just get it and then how are
you using AI in terms of like your
full-time profession as a speaker like
your daily
workflows um number one I use AI
everywhere um it's like I don't even
Google anymore I just I just use all
these platforms Claude chat GPD I think
I think as a speaker um using AI as a
great sounding board to what you're
thinking about is incredible like I'm
like hey this is my take I want you to I
want you to defend or uh reinforce this
take how would you do that right so it
gives you some ideas of how you should
um bolster your thesis of what you're
talking about right so I think it's a
great sort of Chief of Staff in that way
where it could do that um I think from a
workflow perspective it's been really
great so I've been building my own AI
agent so like an email comes in it
automatically updates sort of my
internal CRM it checks the knowledge
base of how I would answer this I get a
lot of same emails like when are you
available it checks my calendar and then
I'm able to draft a response right away
to uh my
agency so and that's why my agents my
agents are like why how are you so
responsive I've always been really
responsive but this is just taken to to
the next level um and you know like this
morning for example I was um I was
customizing something for a brand deal
so another big piece of what I do is I
could do a lot of brand Partnerships and
brand deals so we're just coming up with
a copy and coming up with the components
of what that brand deal looks like like
and yeah I got AI as the my sparring
partner um to figure out how do I how do
I write this in a better way craft this
message in a better way so I think
that's been great um also for visuals
like I I I pride myself in having
incredible visuals especially if you're
you know at these big stages where you
have these massive like horizontal
screens um I want to make sure that
people feel like they're at a rock
concert and I think to enhance all the
visuals using AI um is really powerful
so you can use these platforms like
Runway the text to video generator or
Sora text the video generator um to just
create incredible images I think I use
mid Journey a lot which is for text to
to to image um so I use all these things
to create these really compelling
visuals for the audience um and yeah so
I I think that's just going to
accelerate I think at some point I'm
going to use my own AI for almost all my
slides because um just to make it look
amazing a couple minutes ago you were
talking about how like as AI becomes
more ubiquity we're going to have to do
more as speakers to really stand out and
be creative I came across a speaking
style a few months ago somebody speaking
style a speaking style somebody had
commented on one of my YouTube videos
called pachucha and so I started looking
into this and I came across one of your
videos that you were doing a pachucha
presentation and so for the audience
that isn't familiar with this this is 20
slides each slide is 20 seconds each you
just randomly fell upon this pachucha
randomly fell upon this pachucha so what
is the background of what led you to do
a Pacha cucha speeech and how does that
like experimenting with different types
of things why do you think that's
important to your craft what you do and
staying creative okay and I don't want
to I don't want to boast here but I
think I have the most viewed pachucha uh
presentation of all time is that a fact
that's a other than other than the
puchas that are about how do you do a
pachucha yeah I think it's the most
viewed pachucha of all time you can
check it that makes sense I found it
like I wasn't looking I it was yeah it
was like 2012 too it was like so long
ago this was before I started speaking
like professionally and it was at the
Meer horowits Theater which is crazy
because that's where we shoot all our
virtual Keynotes we've done hundreds of
them and um that was a big Catalyst for
my speaking career actually it was the
first time that I delivered a speech in
a
theater and that I was untested that
went incredibly well and it was a a seed
to be like whoa like maybe I could do
this right um and so petuch is a format
yeah 20 seconds 20 slides I did that
once um you know I saw a great I I went
to this a friend invited me to this
pachucha night where people would do
these presentations and I saw this great
guy his name is Omar maalum and I
remember him doing a pachucha about cats
he l cats and I remember he was it was
so brilliant it was so amazing and I'm
like man I'm going to do a pachucha on
something fun too and uh mine was on the
spelling beat why Indians always win the
spelling beat which is actually that's a
documentary in itself right Indians the
most prolific at the spelling bee of all
time okay I mean if there was an
Olympics or spelling be we we would
crush so I want to break that down in a
fun humorous way and also going back to
you know my own sort of back ground as
well just being Indian and so yeah it
was just a fun way of just doing a
presentation experimenting with slides
and and doing it in front of people so I
think I think experimentation like that
is is great and that yeah that was a
pivotal moment in my speaking career cuz
I'm like oh my God like this is crazy
you have a book The Bold ones yes how
has that impacted your speaking career
like I'm I'm curious from like an event
coordinator perspective is it like oh
damn you have a book like that increased
demand type thing did you notice like
any sort of difference after publish the
butt yeah I think I think it um I think
the the element of speaking is all about
brand um it's about brand Equity right
your value as a speaker your speaking
fees your clout all that is about brand
perception and all the things that you
can do to increase your brand will add
to the aura of who you are so whether
it's a book you know you know a Netflix
streaming special uh you know you climb
Mount ever all these things will add to
your resume and that certainly has added
now has it been exponential because of
the book no I don't I don't think any in
this era I don't think that any book
will dramatically increase your speaking
fees and speaking engagements unless
it's a you know it's a GameChanger I
don't think any I don't really think
that anything will now it's all I think
it's about like putting in the work and
continuously just developing your craft
like back in the day you could have
somebody like Simon cynic who would have
a crazy Ted Talk uh brne Brown have an
incredibly like popular Ted Talk that
would go nuts and then they could build
an entire career off that today that
can't happen cuz the world is way too
fragmented I can't name you another
thought leader that has really just like
blown up because of one thing um over
the last number of years it's just it
doesn't happen as much anymore more and
so I think um I think it's
important brand it's it's all important
and you should do it but you shouldn't
do it just you think that it's going to
get you a speaking gig it's not it's not
going to get you a speaking gig it just
adds to your brand
relevance you've touched on a lot of
points in this interview if you could go
back to day one of like that decision to
try and go full-time with this I mean
maybe it was a little bit different
because you kind of buil built that up
with deoy as it was but is there
anything you would change or do
differently given all the knowledge you
up now
um you know the one thing that I would
probably do is um I would double even
double down on the video thing I would
have shot way more stuff I mean I I I
still shoot more than every speaker out
there maybe other than Gary ve but like
I would I think that content creates
luck and I would have spent more money
money more time more investment in
making sure that I can capture this
footage and put it out and in so in
order to do that actually there's one
step before that which is writing write
more like that's one of my goals for
2025 is I need to write way more like I
need to just double down on writing more
content and putting it out there and
trying and failing and experimenting
because the more that you write the more
that you're going to become a better
performer and so for me it's like a lot
of spe people might have one speech that
they'll they'll sort of R you know rinse
and repeat for years and God bless them
they've been able to do that I am not
that because I speak on a topic that's
always changing so for me it's like
always building always writing and um
yeah was just to me to me I wish I did
that more at the beginning and now I've
realized I'm like oh this game is about
like putting in the Reps and uh yeah
writing is huge final question for you
Sean so when I go to
speakers. there's a Carousel and you hit
maybe once twice to the right and then
there is your face so from my
perspective it almost seems like you're
if not at the top of the mountain like
approaching the top of the mountain in
terms of sought after speaker somebody
who's doing this on a full-time basis
how do you view that and what is your
hope for the future for your speaking
career yeah I appreciate that you know
it is nuts like I remember when I joined
speaker Spotlight which is my agency
you've been with them since the end of
2017 I always saw this like head
headline banner and they only put like
their celebrities on it right they only
put Simon cynic Hadfield um CLA
Hughes and I I like that would be
amazing to be on that headline um they
have another thing called most requested
speakers I'm on that but the the
headlight Banner like that would be
amazing
and when I got that email last month to
say hey by the way we're going to feat
you on the headline and by the way
you're going to be on this going forward
I was like holy I'm like I cannot
believe it like I I can't believe it I'm
like how how am I on that on that
headline Banner um so it it's it's an
incredible it's it's not just me it's
like a testament to my agency and and
the and the belief that they have in me
and how much they we've supported each
other in the journey and so um am I at
the top I don't think I'm at the top of
the mountain I me I I I feel like I'm a
rookie I'm still starting I'm still
trying to develop my my my gift my voice
my message and I think it's just it's
been a great just it's been a great
partnership so I just yeah it it was it
was a humbling moment it was really cool
because I always looked at that be like
that would be cool one day but I thought
I would have to like you know I don't
know I thought I would have to go to the
moon like Hadfield but uh and then Chris
Hatfield's probably looking at this and
like this guy didn't go to the Moon um
so yeah it was it was really cool Sean
thanks so much for doing thank you so
much I really appreciate it it's an
honor to be on here and uh and yeah it's
just been really cool to see what you've
been doing and and uh yeah thank you so
much for having me on Boom crushed it
awesome man good job that's awesome